yo guys are welcome to it over to
operate video this time is going to be
the mental DPS loadout guy and first up
as always is the iconic powers tree now
in this particular one you we have
managed to get weapons expert tactical
genius wisdom of Solomon and powerful
resistance next up is the illusion tree
so in this tree we have Tara tendrils
psychic shock find some flames mass
terror grandeur menace and mass hysteria
next up with the telekinesis tree from
this tree we've taken telekinesis
telekinetic push psychic resonance and
telekinetic bolt next up guys is the
load out on the board evu is got
telekinetic bolts psychic shock phantom
flames mastura menace and of course
psychic resonance next up is the
rotation so here it goes guys the
rotation psychic resonance clipped with
menace then you basically cycle through
the three powers you have on your bar
from left to right it doesn't even
matter what order you activate them in
as long as you do all three of them
followed by a masked error now if you
continuously keep this up you're psychic
resonance will never drop which means
you will continually receive power back
from the powers that you're activating
now whenever Menace comes off of cool
down make sure you reactivate it because
it does off the damage you do with your
powers when attacking now if you're
interrupted knocked down the enemy moves
or you have to move for a long period of
time make sure you reactivate psychic
residences worth getting you back up
guys because all of a sudden you'll find
wow I've got no power left because
you've dropped the psychic resonance
plus I don't think Mysterio hits
particularly hard unless you've got that
up and you've booked it with the three
powers you need to make sure you're
doing this guy's now the best thing you
can do with a
DPS power is to stay as close as
possible now the great thing about mass
terror is not only is it nice and easy
to use it's just cycled left to right on
your power bars but if you're close
enough to the enemy it will hit them
regardless of what direction they are in
so they can be pulled all the way around
you any which way but loose it doesn't
matter if you are within range and you
hit mash terror they will get hit it's
not like quantum or I swear you
basically point and shoot you literally
just stand there and the power will do
everything else for you don't even have
to target anyone it will sort it out for
you now sometimes guys I've noticed that
DB you occasionally drops I believe it's
menace and then he puts in mass hysteria
especially for boss fights and things
like that so you can maximize his damage
per second I reckon is mass hysteria
supercharged there's a little bit more
damage the Menace does over a prolonged
period of done it basically summons five
ads to aid you in combat and buffs all
of your attacks from there on out but it
is a one hundred percent cast so if it's
going to cost you hundred percent guys
it's probably not worth having on the
bar throughout the duration of the rain
and imagine this is why DBU swaps it up
when it gets to the end or to a
relatively difficult boss fight all if
you just want to put out some extra
damage enjoy the rest of the video guys
mental is hitting extremely hard now
post both game of gay 47 I believe it
cut off although i'm not sure why i'm
sure you all notice the eye drop to
video a few months back demonstrating
mentors dps prowess movies advanced
mechanic it was hitting extremely hard
but for whatever reason it's been buffed
so if you're a mental to enjoy your
newfound power if you're not a mental
tune and enjoy an easy power to use that
doesn't overwrite anyone else and it's
very difficult to get wrong and perhaps
you want to change the mental especially
if you were bored of things like quantum
or munitions or anything else is that
you change to on a regular basis when
something gets a boss alright guys I
hope you enjoy the rest of the video
you
member
thanks a lot for watching guys we are
great and as always we'll see you in gay